1) What is NAT Gateway and NAT Instance?
   Ans:- a NAT Gateway is a fully managed service 
         by the cloud provider (like AWS), while a NAT Instance is a regular EC2 instance configured to perform NAT functions, 
         requiring manual management by the use
         Both NAT Gateways and NAT Instances use Network Address Translation (NAT) to map private IP addresses from your private
         subnet to a single public IP address, allowing outbound internet access while preventing direct inbound connections to private instances
2) Define types of VPC Ip and create subnet ID subnet v1,v2,v3,v4
   Ans:- 1)Elastic IP
         2)Public IP
         3)Private IP
3) What is Internet Gateway?
   Ans:- a component that allows communication between a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and the internet
4) What is elastic IP and static IP?
   Ans:- An "Elastic IP" (EIP) is a static public IP address that you can associate with your EC2 instances, meaning it remains the same 
   even if you stop and restart the instance, while a "static IP" generally refers to any IP address that is manually assigned and doesn't change
5) What is difference between IAM Role and IAM Policy?
   Ans:- An IAM Role is essentially an identity within AWS that defines who can access resources, while an IAM Policy defines the specific permissions 
         that identity has on those resources; meaning, a role is like a user account, and a policy is like a set of rules dictating what actions that 
         user can perform on AWS services.
6) What needs to define in policy json and mandatory field in policy like Effect,Action,Resource what type of value define for these field?
   Ans:- "Effect" always needing to be set to either "Allow" or "Deny," "Action" specifying the operation being performed, and "Resource" identifying 
          the target resource affected by the policy
7) What is Cidr_Address?
   Ans:- In AWS, a CIDR address stands for "Classless Inter-Domain Routing" address, which is a method of representing IP address ranges using a compact notation,
         allowing for efficient allocation of IP addresses within a network, like a VPC 
8) How you attach policy to used?
9) What is Amazon RDS?
   A web service that helps users set up, operate, and scale relational databases in the cloud
10) Define Elastic Transcoder
    Ans:- a cloud-based service that automatically transcodes media files into formats that can be played on various devices
11) What is Power User Access?
    Ans:- a set of permissions assigned to a user through a managed policy, allowing them to perform most actions within AWS services 
          but restricting their ability to manage other users or modify critical account settings
