1) How to setup CI/CD piepline for flutter app?
2) Can you explain how you manage state in terraform and best practices for state management in team environment?
3) Can you define complex deployment stucture, how automated using terraform and what challages you faced to overcome them?
4) What does cloud native mean to you?
5) What if any problems with persistent storage in kubernetes?
6) If you want to automate one part of Build pipeline what part would you start with?
7) How to find and fix security and vunlenrabilities?
8) When it comes to devops and devsecops? what is the difference?
9) What is difference between agile software development and in devops/devsecops development?
10) How do you ensure security vulenrabilities dedicated by tools like sonarqube,torch or checkmarks in production deployment?
11) How would implement policy for vulnerability scanning and remdiation in devsecops pipelines?
12) Have you worked on ansible,jenkins and terraform?
13) Can you describe your experience with CI/CD pipelines or any data science engineering projects? How will you ensure CI/CD will maintaining integrity?
14) How would you manage and automate dependency  in your CI/CD pipeline? Data pipeline run consistently in different env? For ex dev/staging and prod
15) Can you define steps how jenkins deploy an application in CI/CD?
16) Can you explain steps or process CI/CD with ansible?
17) What problem addressed by CI/CD and how is it implemented in your project?
18) What is ansible role in devops and how can be used/adapted?
19) Your CI/CD pipeline is designed to deploy new version of your application into kubernetes cluster but deployment are failing  intermittently so how torubleshoot and resolve issues?
20) Have you worked on FTP/SFTP?
21) What about artifacts repository?
22) What about cloud platform in which cloud you are comfortableand what services you worked on?
23) Do you have any servers experience  like apache,nginx,tomcat?
24) What code review tools you worked on?
24) What programming languages comfortable?
25) Do you have experience with sql or postgress or oracle?
26) Configuration management worked on?
27) Any experence windows and linux administration concepts?
28) Any mobile development experience or any particular tool?


Feedback:-
You need to have knowledge on asible,terraform IAC,Cloud Formation other security tools like sonar qube,snyk,checkmarks,sonar type firewall,xray
And should also little experience in containerization tools like EKS,AKS
You should be much stonger in programming languages on or two(Like Java)
Be good in Windows Admin and linux admin and network
Any one or tow cloud platform need to be strong like AWS or Azure
SQL and NoSQL DB

